Editorial change in Wallet Solution 'alg' HEADER (#286)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-solution.rst

attributes listed below:

Header
^^^^^^^
.. list-table::
    :widths: 20 80
    :header-rows: 1

    * - **Key**
      - **Value**
    * - alg

>       - Algorithm used to verify the token signature. It MUST be one of the possibile values indicated in this `table <https://italia.github.io/eudi-wallet-it-docs/versione-corrente/en/algorithms.html>`_ (e.g., ES256).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Algorithm used to verify the token signature. It MUST be one of the values included in this `table <https://italia.github.io/eudi-wallet-it-docs/versione-corrente/en/algorithms.html>`_ (e.g., ES256).
```

    * - kid

>       -  Thumbprint of the public key used for signing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Thumbprint of the public key used for signing, according to [RFC 7638](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7638.html]
```

please check that RFC 7638 is in the referenced standard and then use the rst ref pointing to standards.rst rfc 7638 instead of the markdown href

Author: Yes, RFC 7638 is present in docs/common/standards.rst. I'll edit the sentence as you requested

    * - **Key**
      - **Value**
    * - alg

>       - Algorithm used to verify the token signature. It MUST be one of the possibile values indicated here [here](https://italia.github.io/eudi-wallet-it-docs/versione-corrente/en/algorithms.html) (e.g., ES256).

Reviewer: this was the RST href while the one your proposing here is the Markdown href type
